README.md, before:

# Shopping Cart Solution - CodeIgniter and Bootstrap
Bootsrap Responsive online shop

1. Bootstrap responsive
2. MultiLanguage with interface for easy add/edit functionality!!
3. Beautifle design
4. Advanced search with treeView categories
5. Easy manage of products (new filed for every added language, subcategories are easy to manage)
6. Advanced sorting and order products
7. Ajax based shopping cart
8. Checkouts are saved to administration, email notifications for every new order
9. Quantity of products maganed from orders
10. Add textual pages
11. Activate and disable pages
12. File manager in administration
13. Blog integrated
14. Email subscribe
15. Easy installation
16. Easy code change
17. Edit every text from interface..
18. Receive ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kirilkirkov/Shopping-Cart-Solution---CodeIgniter/master/paypalLogo.png "Logo Title Text 1") payments, also have option for paypal sandbox testing
19. Fast Loading
20. Site color change with easy to use gradient generator
21. and more.. and more.. 

## Easy installation in 3 steps
1. Import dbDump.sql to your mysql
2. Set hostname, username and password in application/config/database.php
3. Set your site domain in application/config/config.php - $config['base_url'] = 'Yoursite.com';
4. Opss I forgot for last 4 step... ENJOY! ;)

## Login to administration with:
User: admin
Pass: admin

## Screenshot
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kirilkirkov/Shopping-Cart-Solution---CodeIgniter/design/redlabel-style/screenshot.png "Logo Title Text 1")

## Screenshot of admin panel
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kirilkirkov/Shopping-Cart-Solution---CodeIgniter/master/admin_panel4.png "Logo Title Text 1")

Commit message:

Add multilanguage cookie notificator from silktide.com for EU Cookie Law

README.md, after:

# Shopping Cart Solution - CodeIgniter and Bootstrap
Bootsrap Responsive online shop

1. Bootstrap responsive
2. MultiLanguage with interface for easy add/edit functionality!!
3. Beautifle design
4. Advanced search with treeView categories
5. Easy manage of products (new filed for every added language, subcategories are easy to manage)
6. Advanced sorting and order products
7. Ajax based shopping cart
8. Checkouts are saved to administration, email notifications for every new order
9. Quantity of products maganed from orders
10. Add textual pages
11. Activate and disable pages
12. File manager in administration
13. Blog integrated
14. Email subscribe
15. Easy installation
16. Easy code change
17. Edit every text from interface..
18. Receive ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kirilkirkov/Shopping-Cart-Solution---CodeIgniter/master/paypalLogo.png "Logo Title Text 1") payments, also have option for paypal sandbox testing
19. Fast Loading
20. Site color change with easy to use gradient generator
21. Add multilanguage cookie notificator from silktide.com for EU Cookie Law 
22. and more.. and more.. 

## Easy installation in 3 steps
1. Import dbDump.sql to your mysql
2. Set hostname, username and password in application/config/database.php
3. Set your site domain in application/config/config.php - $config['base_url'] = 'Yoursite.com';
4. Opss I forgot for last 4 step... ENJOY! ;)

## Login to administration with:
User: admin
Pass: admin

## Screenshot
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kirilkirkov/Shopping-Cart-Solution---CodeIgniter/design/redlabel-style/screenshot.png "Logo Title Text 1")

## Screenshot of admin panel
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kirilkirkov/Shopping-Cart-Solution---CodeIgniter/master/admin_panel4.png "Logo Title Text 1")
